Update the restore command (#2090)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/restore-backup.adoc

[source,role=noheader]
----
neo4j-admin database restore [-h] [--expand-commands] [--verbose] [--overwrite-destination
                             [=true|false]] [--source-database[=source-database-name]]

>                              [--additional-config=<file>] --from-path=<path>[,<path>...]

Author: ```suggestion
                             [--additional-config=<file>] --from-path=<path> [,<path>...]
```

The restore recovers transactions that were committed before the provided timestamp.
|

| --source-database[=source-database-name]                                                         

> |label:new[Introduced in 2025.02] If 'from-path' specifies a folder that contains backups for multiple databases, what database name should be used to filter the artifacts. It's mandatory to specify it in this case.

Author: ```suggestion
|label:new[Introduced in 2025.02] If `rom-path` specifies a folder that contains backups for multiple databases, what database name should be used to filter the artifacts. It's mandatory to specify it in this case.
```

> |label:new[Introduced in 2025.02] If `from-path` specifies a folder that contains backups for multiple databases, what database name should be used to filter the artifacts. It's mandatory to specify it in this case.

Reviewer: I like your suggestion.
